all rise it's been a while since I've
done one of these videos so I thought
I'd test out the new 720p video mode on
the new phone i bought and give the v8 a
bit of a run current it my parents new
place so here's the old AMC you see I
haven't done a lot to it because I've
been busy working on my house so having
to have much of a chance but now that
I've decided to sell the house I can
start getting stuck in and start doing
the little bits and pieces that the car
needs it's not a lot change will hop in
and start it up
go American dashboard
pine air freshener just for just to be
the same as everyone else
but let that be a rumble
will do the obligatory pop the hood and
the hood pop is actually a thunder here
and then we give it another one it
should
so I haven't had a chance to start on
the engine yet either one of the first
things I'm going to do is replace the
air cleaner with a pancake with hood
when you because I can't find an element
pet you can just see that
doesn't quite sit 11
that is supposed to be the correct one
so that may not be the original air
Peter for this car or maybe just specks
of change the battery that it came with
poodles pretty well considering its age
and obviously as know I had a lot of
preventive maintenance done a little bit
smoky because it's been SAT cold
well yeah that's the AMC